#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kombu
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   minio
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   redis
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
boto3==1.37.23
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.37.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-results
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   minio
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click
cron-descriptor==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
django==5.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-minio-storage
    #   django-storages
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
django-celery-beat==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-results==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cleanup==9.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-minio-storage==0.5.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ratelimit==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.14.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
kombu==5.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
minio==7.2.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-minio-storage
mysql-connector-python==9.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gunicorn
pillow==11.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click-repl
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pycryptodome==3.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   minio
python-crontab==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   python-crontab
python-decouple==3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==5.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.3
    # via -r requirements.in
s3transfer==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
typing-extensions==4.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   minio
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   kombu
    #   tzlocal
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   minio
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
whitenoise==6.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
